
Constructors: are special type methods without any return type. Constructor name is always same as the class name.
               Constructor can have any no. of parameters use to define the initial state of the object before application
               start using it.
               If we don't create constructor then JVM will create default constructor.
               Constructor is used to initialize the object state.

In Object oriented language we have four major principals:

    1) Abstraction: process to expose the essential details of an entity, while hiding the implementation,
                    to reduce the complexity to the user.
    2) Encapsulation: is a process of bundling data and operations / functions together in an entity.
    3) Inheritance: is used to derive a new data type from existing one to accomplish parent child relationship.
    4) Polymorphism: lets an entity to behave differently depending upon the different context.

Abstraction: is a process of exposing essential details and hiding the implementation from the user to reduce the complexity.
             eg: when we drive our car we only have steering, breaks, accelerator etc to drive a car without knowing the
             internal working of the car.

             It can be seen in two types:
             Data Abstraction: is a way to create complex data types from multiple smaller data types.
                                E.g: Employee class can be complex object using different small association.
                                public class{
                                    //Address, Department, Role different small associations.
                                }
             Operation Abstraction: hide the sequence of actions for a complex task inside a single method.

Encapsulation: is a process of bundling data and operations on data together is an entity with access control.
                It is used for:
                Information hiding: is done using access control(public, private, protected).
                Implementation hiding: is achieved through interfaces.

Inheritance: before java 1.8 multiple inheritance was not possible. But in java 1.8 it is possible using Interfaces and default methods.
            --> Overriding method access specifier must be of same or upper scope of access specifier we can not decrease the scope of accessibility.

Polymorphism: lets an entity to behave differently depending upon the different context.
              e.g: '+' operator is used to add two numbers as well as to concatenate two strings. Based on the type of variable,
              operator changes it behaviour. It is known as operator overloading.
              Java only support + operator overloading.
              Types:
              Compile time Polymorphism: in this compiler binds the methods to the objects during compile.
              It is also known as static or early binding.
              It is achieved with method overloading
              n Java, it is achieved with the use of method overloading. In method overloading, the method parameters can vary with a number, order, or the types of parameter.

              Runtime polymorphism: call to overridden method is resolved dynamically during runtime.
                                    Also, known as dynamic binding or dynamic method dispatch.


Coupling: defines how loosely class is defined meaning how independent from other tasks.
            E.g must be loosely defined means it should have single responsibility like Email Validator class must have the
            functionality to validate the email similarly email sender class should only have the functionality to send the email.
Cohesion:  defines class/module should have all the requirements to full fill the particular functionality.
            e.g email sender should have all the requirements to send email including smtp settings , email address etc.
Association: defines the relationship between the object.
             types:
                one-to-one
                one-to-many
                many-to-one
                many-to-many
Aggregation: defines the type of association in which both entities can exist individually.
             like in teacher and student relationship if we delete student or teacher then both can exist individually.
Composition: defines the type of association in which objects don't have there own life cycle.
              like we have list of questions and there answers and if we delete the question then answer don't have their individual
              life cycle.










