REST API is also known as RESTful web services that follow the REST architecture.

Cache-control headers are used to control catching and to attain caching ability.
       The most commonly used cache-control headers are public, private, and No-Store.

REST:
    RE representational means data representation format like xml/json
    S: state means data
    T: transfer data b/w parties

Must read before interview:

https://amplication.com/blog/rest-apis-what-why-and-how
5 Key Principles of REST APIs:

   Uniform Interface: This is a fundamental principle for the design of any REST ful API.
                       There should be a uniform and standard way of interacting with a given server for
                       all client types.

   Rest APIs are stateless: REST architecture mandates that the server will not store anything related
                            to a session. The server should process and complete each request independently.
                            Each client request should contain all of the information necessary for
                            understanding, processing, and completing it. Clients can do this
                            via query parameters, headers, URIs, request body, etc.

   Cacheable: Every response sent by the server should contain information regarding its cache ability.
               Simply, the clients should be able to determine whether or not this response can be cached from
               their side, and if so, for how long. If a response is cacheable, the client has the right to return
               the data from its cache for an equivalent request and specified period, without sending another
               request to the server. A well-managed caching mechanism greatly improves the availability and
               performance of an API by completely or partially eliminating some of the client-server interactions.
               However, this increases the chances of users receiving stale data.

   Client-Server Design Pattern: REST architecture imposes the client-server design pattern.
                                  In REST, a client is an entity that requests a resource.
                                  A server is an entity responsible for storing these resources,
                                        having business logic, and sending the response to the client.
   Layered System: An application with layered architecture is composed of various hierarchical layers.
                   Each layer has information from only itself, and no other layer.
                   There can be multiple intermediate layers between the client and server.
                   You can design your REST APIs with multiple layers, each having tasks such as
                   security, business logic, and application, all working together to fulfill client requests.


What is the definition of messaging in terms of REST ful web services?
    In REST API web services, when a REST client wants to send a message to the server,
        it can be sent in an HTTP request form, and the same applies to the server.
        This kind of communication is called messaging in REST.

Explain 'Addressing' in REST ful web services.
    The process of locating various types of resources with the help of a URL on the REST server is
    known as ‘addressing’ in REST ful web services.

Why are REST services easily scalable?
    REST services are scalable due to the statelessness that they do not store data on the server even
    though they are requested and do not require much communication.

What are Idempotent methods?
    Idempotent methods are known to return the same outcome even after the same request has
    been made multiple times.

How can REST ful web services be tested?
    The REST ful web services can be tested with the help of tools such as Swagger and Postman,
    which enable users to inspect query parameters, response headers, and headers,
    documentation of the endpoints, and conversion of endpoints to XML and JSON.

What are payloads in REST ful web services?
    Payloads are the request data passed through the POST or GET method and found in the message’s
    body of an HTTP request in REST ful web services.

What is the maximum payload size that can be sent in POST methods?
    Theoretically, there is no such maximum limit for payload size that can be sent in POST methods.
    However, payloads with larger sizes can consume larger bandwidth. Thus the server could take more
    time to proceed with the request.

In REST APIs, which markup languages are used to represent the resources?
    The resources in REST APIs are represented with the help of XML (extensible markup language)
    and JSON (JavaScript Object Notation).

Differentiate POST and PUT methods.
    POST Method:
        POST can create a resource on the server.
        POST is not idempotent.
        POST responses are cacheable.

    PUT Method:
        PUT is used to replace a resource at a specific URI with another resource.
        PUT is idempotent that it will only result in one resource even after calling it multiple times.
        PUT responses are not cacheable.

The main parts of an HTTP response
    The main parts of the HTTP response are the HTTP version, Status, HTTP Response Header,
    and HTTP Response body.

HTTP response
    100: Information
    200: Success
    400: Client error: error caused by the user
    500: Server error: user did everything correctly and it's the server itself who caused the problem.

What is a resource?
    In REST, A resource is an object with a label and accessible on the server.

What’s a real-world example of a REST API?
    Public REST APIs are harnessed by weather apps to display weather information and share the
    related data.
    Airlines use APIs to expose the flight times and prices to allow travel and ticketing sites for
    businesses.
    Public transportation services use APIs to make their data publicly open to make it available
    for mapping and navigation apps in real-time.

Disadvantages of RESTful web services?
    RESTful web services are stateless and do not maintain session simulation responsibility as the
    client side does not provide a particular session id for it.
    REST is not able to impose the security restriction inherently. However, it inherits them with
    the help of implementing protocols. Thus, the integration of SSL/TLS authentication needs to be
    done very carefully for better security measures of the REST APIs.

Advantages of REST
    HTTP makes the implementation of REST easy.
    REST fits in the existing infrastructure of the web, thus the web application can easily implement
        the REST. XML and JSON web technologies make REST easy to learn.
    The client and server communication is stateless, thus the integration is easy to build and
        scalable, and manageable with respect to time.
    The REST architecture can adapt to a huge variety of cases due to its flexibility.
    The lightweight architecture of REST makes it easy to build the applications faster as compared to
        other types of APIs.
    REST can be tested easily in the browser with the help of API testing tools.

How do you keep REST APIs secure?
    REST APIs can be kept secure with the help of safety measures such as
    Authentication and authorization
    API Server Validation
    TSl/SSL Encryption
    Rate-limiting for DDoS attacks
    sensitive information such as username, password, or authentication token should not be visible in URIs.


What are the main characterstic of microservice for cloud environment:
    1. Containerized & Orchestrated
    2. Independently Deployable
    4. Scalable
    5. Resilient & Fault Tolerance
    6. Observable: Cloud requires metrics, logs, and traces across distributed services.
    7. Independent Data Stores
    8. Secure & Isolated





