In TM need to take case 4 properties:
ACID:
Atomicity: all the operations executed successfully
Consistency: system must be in consistent.
             Like in a bank If A -> transfer money to -> b then -> total balance in the bank must be -> same.
Isolation: Transaction visibility to the other transactions
Durability: Any change from the transaction must be persisted

When to use JPA and JDBC
 JDBC: when we don't need to track the object. Object oriented approach is not required.
 JPA: when we need to track the object behaviour. Object oriented approach is required.

Persist / Save
    Persist():
        1. Syntax: public void persist(Object object) throws HibernateException.
        2. It does not returns generated Id after saving. Its return type is void.
        3. Persist method can be used only within the transaction.
        4. session.persist() for a detached object will throw PersistentObjectException as it is not allowed.
        5. Persist method takes less time to execute.

    Save():
        1. Syntax: public Serializable save(Object object) throws HibernateException.
        2. The return type of the save method is java.io.Serializable. It returns the generated Id after saving the record.
        3. It can save the changes to the database outside of the transaction. i.e. Save method can be used inside or outside the transaction.
        4. Session.save() for a detached object will create a new row in the table.
        5. Save method takes more time to execute.

States of Entity Instances
    Any entity instance in our application appears in one of the three main states in relation to the Session persistence context:
        transient — This instance isn't, and never was, attached to a Session. This instance has no corresponding rows in the database; it's usually just a new object that we created to save to the database.
        persistent — This instance is associated with a unique Session object. Upon flushing the Session to the database, this entity is guaranteed to have a corresponding consistent record in the database.
        detached — This instance was once attached to a Session (in a persistent state), but now it’s not. An instance enters this state if we evict it from the context, clear or close the Session, or put the instance through serialization/deserialization process.