How do you mange time, when user story is assigned to you ?
    1. I use to follow some step to deliver the US with testing.
    2. Clarify the doubts from PO or BA early.
    3. Check out the any dependency for the US.
    4. Prioritize the story tasks.
    5. Dev + testing
    6 Code review
    7 Bug fixing.
    8 Learn the things during the US completion has share the insights during the Retro to share the knowledge.
    Create the subtask and update on regularly bases. TO keep the US status updated.


    If I have multiple stories the I use to verify the priority with scrum master.

    What if we get blocker during the sprint.
        Identity and ack the blocker immediately
        update the story task with blocked status with exact cause of impact.
        Raise the blocker in stand up or early.
        Collaborate to unblock:
            I use to handle the blocker proactivly -- talk the dependent team or esclate through the scrum master if needed.
        Switch to parrellel  work.

    App scaling
    Vertical scaling: increase cpu and memory e.gL legacy applications
    Horizontal scaling: add more instance of your application to handle traffic : state less applications and webapps
    Application level stratergies:
        Make apps stateless
            Avoid saving session data in memory
            Use distributed cache

Deployment steps:
    Compile code , run test
    create executable jar, war or docker image
    Package the artifact: jar was or docker
    Push to artifact
    deploy to target env.
        AKS
        App service
    post deployment verification
        health check endpount eg. actuator
        automated smoke test
    Rollback strategy
         Maintian previous version of artifcat
         use blue/green env.
            Blue: current production
            green: new version
                Deploy new version to freen
                run test, validations on green
                switch from blue to green
                if success then green becomes live
                if fails then rollback by pointing back to blue

         rollback via ci/cd
