1) What are Design Patterns?
    Design patterns are solutions to general that software developers faced during software development.
2) What is Gang of Four (GOF)?
    In 1994, four authors Erich Gamma, Richard Helm, Ralph Johnson and John Vlissides published a book
    titled Design Patterns - Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software which initiated the concept of
    Design Pattern in Software development. These authors are collectively known as Gang of Four (GOF).
3)  Name types of Design Patterns?
    Creational Patterns -  (Means how to create a object) These design patterns provide a way to create objects while hiding the creation logic,
                            rather than instantiating objects directly using new operator. This gives program more
                             flexibility in deciding which objects need to be created for a given use case.
    Structural Patterns - (Means how to relate objects) Structural design patterns are concerned with how classes and objects can be composed, to form larger structures.
                            The structural design patterns simplifies the structure by identifying the relationships.
    Behavioral Patterns - (Means how to communicate between objects) These design patterns are specifically concerned with communication between objects.

4) What is Factory pattern?
        This type of design pattern comes under creational pattern as this pattern provides one of the best ways
        to create an object.
    In Factory pattern, we create object without exposing the creation logic to the client and refer to
    newly created object using a common interface.

5)  What are the difference between a static class and a singleton class?
    A static class can not be a top level class.
    All members of a static class are static but for a Singleton class it is not a requirement.
    A static class get initialized when it is loaded so it can not be lazily loaded where a singleton class can be lazily loaded.
    A static class object is stored in stack whereas singleton class object is stored in heap memory space.
6)  Can we create a clone of a singleton object?
    Yes
7) How to prevent cloning of a singleton object?
    Throw exception within the body of clone() method.
8) What is the benefit of Factory pattern?
    Factory pattern encapsulates the implementation details and underlying implementation can be changed without any
    impact on caller api.